c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\Koperasi.exe.config
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\Koperasi.exe
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\Koperasi.pdb
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\Koperasi.xml
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.Form1.resources
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.Resources.resources
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.exe
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.xml
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.pdb
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.AdminForm.resources
c:\users\rpl-stmj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.MasterAnggota.resources
C:\Users\RPL-STMJ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.Masteruser.resources
C:\Users\RPL-STMJ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.TransaksiPinjam.resources
C:\Users\RPL-STMJ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.TransaksiAngsuran.resources
C:\Users\RPL-STMJ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.TransaksiAngsurans.resources
C:\Users\RPL-STMJ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.SimpananForm.resources
C:\Users\RPL-STMJ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Koperasi\Koperasi\obj\Debug\Koperasi.MengambilForm.resources
